c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\wires-0.6.0-win.exe
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject.dll.config
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject.dll
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject.pdb
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\Bender.dll
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\Flexo.dll
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\SimpleConfig.dll
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\Bender.pdb
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\Flexo.pdb
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\SimpleConfig.pdb
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\obj\Debug\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject.dll
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\obj\Debug\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject.pdb
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\app.config
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\test_configurations.config
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\obj\Debug\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andrii_denysov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\Andrii_Denysov_FinalProject\bin\Debug\RelevantCodes.ExtentReports.dll
